Deployment_Guide_VDS_TKG2.1.0 (#321)
vmware-tanzu-labs/tanzu-validated-solutions: src/deployment-guides/tko-on-vsphere.md

For information about mapping a specific service engine group to Tanzu Kubernetes Grid workload cluster, see [Configure NSX Advanced Load Balancer in Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Workload Cluster](#workloadalb).

1. Log in to NSX Advanced Load Balancer and go to **Infrastructure** > **Clouds** > **Create** > **VMware vCenter/vSphere ESX**.

    ![Create vCenter Cloud](img/tko-on-vsphere/21.ALB-Clouds.png)

1. Enter cloud name 

    ![Enter cloud name](img/tko-on-vsphere/22.ALB-Clouds-1.png)

> 1. Under the **vCenter/vSphere** pane, enter vCenter address, username, and password, click **CONNECT**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under the **vCenter/vSphere** pane, enter information for * vCenter address*, *Username*, and *Password* fields and  click **CONNECT**.
```

    ![Enter infrastructure information for vCenter Cloud](img/tko-on-vsphere/23.ALB-Clouds-2.png)

> 1. Under the **Data Center** pane, choose the data center for NSX Advanced Load Balancer to discover infrastructure resources.Select **Content Library** For SE template Click **SAVE & LAUNCH**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the vCenter/vSphere page, select the Data Center from the **Data Center** drop down to choose NSX Advanced Load Balancer to discover infrastructure resources. Select **Content Library** For SE template and click **SAVE & RELAUNCH**.

<<Please validate>>
```

    ![Select data center](img/tko-on-vsphere/24.ALB-Clouds-3.png)

> 1. Under the **Management Network** pane, choose the NSX Advanced Load Balancer management network for service engines and enter a static IP address pool for SEs and VIP, and click **Complete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under the **IPAM/DNS** pane, select the Management Network from the **Management Network** drop down to  choose the NSX Advanced Load Balancer management network for service engines. Under Static IP Address pool (1) section,  enter an IP address pool for SEs and VIP, and click **ADD**.  

<<COMPLETE button is not visible, please validate these steps>>
```

> 1. To create a service engine group for Tanzu Kubernetes Grid management clusters, navigate to **Infrastructure** > **Cloud Resources** > **Service Engine Group** tab, under Select Cloud choose the cloud created in the previous step, and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To create a service engine group for Tanzu Kubernetes Grid management clusters, navigate to **Infrastructure** > **Cloud Resources** > **Service Engine Group** tab, under Select Cloud choose the cloud created in the previous step, and click **Create**.

<<Where is the Select Cloud option displayed in the image?>>
```

    ![Select provisioner for shared services cluster](img/tko-on-vsphere/66-shared-service-2.png)

> 1. On the Cluster Details Page 

Reviewer: <<Please refer comments in pr322, from line 1283>>
